Read all relevant files completely before making any changes.

FIX 1 — Remove Gemini entirely from the entire codebase

Search for every Gemini API call, import, and reference 
across all files including:
- Job Recovery Engine
- Gemini Discovery block in the scout run
- Watchlist scan
- Any other location

Remove all of it completely. Do not replace with anything 
for now — just remove. If a feature only exists because 
of Gemini (like the Gemini Discovery block that finds 
additional jobs), remove that entire feature block too.
Log a simple note where each block was removed:
"[Removed] Gemini Discovery block"
"[Removed] Gemini Job Recovery"

FIX 2 — Fix location filter for Workday "X Locations" format

Workday returns locations like "2 Locations", "6 Locations",
"3 Locations" instead of actual city/state names.

Update the location filter so that any job where the 
location field matches the pattern "[number] Locations" 
(e.g. "2 Locations", "6 Locations") automatically PASSES 
the location filter and is sent to Claude scoring.

Claude will handle the final location assessment for 
these jobs since we don't have the actual location data.

Log these as: "PASS (multi-location Workday — sending to Claude)"

FIX 3 — Fix Glassdoor and ZipRecruiter wasted attempts

In jobspy_scraper.py, before running Glassdoor or 
ZipRecruiter searches, make one single test request to 
each. If the test fails with any connection or TLS error,
skip that source entirely for this run and log:
"Glassdoor: connection test failed — skipping"
"ZipRecruiter: connection test failed — skipping"

Do not attempt any of the 15 search queries if the 
test fails. This saves the time wasted on 30 guaranteed 
failing requests every run.

FIX 4 — Fix salary runtime crash

Find every place where .match(), .replace(), .includes(),
.toLowerCase() or any string method is called directly 
on job.salary or any salary-related field.

Add this safety check before every such call:
const salaryStr = typeof job.salary === 'string'
  ? job.salary
  : job.salary != null
    ? String(job.salary)
    : ''

Then use salaryStr instead of job.salary for all 
string operations.

FIX 5 — Fix Greenhouse slug validation

After Claude generates the company list, for every 
company with ats_type "greenhouse", make a parallel 
HEAD request to:
https://boards-api.greenhouse.io/v1/boards/{slug}/jobs

5 second timeout. Run all in parallel.

200 → keep as greenhouse, log "✓ {slug}"
404 or timeout → convert to plain with URL
https://www.{companyname}.com/careers
Log "✗ {slug} → plain fallback"

Also update the Claude company list prompt to add:
"Only use ats_type greenhouse if you are certain of 
the exact slug. Verified slugs: purestorage, databricks,
coreweave, scaleai, cloudflare, mongodb, rubrik, 
verkada, axonius, elastic, anthropic, cognite, 
energyhub, ironmountainsolutions, impinj, commvault.
For extremenetworks use lever. If unsure of any 
company's slug use plain with their careers URL."

FIX 6 — Deduplicate Claude company list

After receiving Claude's list, deduplicate by company 
name case-insensitive. Keep first occurrence. Log:
"Removed X duplicate companies from Claude list"

Push directly to main when done.